well I'm here in lis abandoned alleyway
in Los Angeles downtown Los Angeles
starting right now by rain over to
discuss his new transition into CLG so
you're on CLG now maybe you can talk to
me a little bit about how that all
happened how'd that happen
so after the 2017 summer split after the
relegation match we get to all just get
back to the break and I went Korea and I
think until like November I wasn't
really like getting like I wrecked a
conversation about how is it going to be
for my like the 2018 year but I think
toward like the middle I think I'm not
really sure but then I hear that liquid
is going to die I don't know buyout is
right by like tomorrow's players yeah
and then then I just asked Steve how is
it going and then he told me that it's
good it's might be like that so from
that point I was also looking for a team
because I got a permission and she was
just one of the team that I was having
conversation with and I like the silly
mode most so yeah that's how I joined so
G if you don't mind me asking did you
speak to teams in other regions or were
you mostly looking to stay in North
America yes yeah I had opportunity to
talk with some Korean teams some Europe
teams but I wanted to play in na since I
had really bad performance last year I
have to bounce back and prove it so and
and I had a really good team to join so
my god what is it like on shield you you
are really offered you a jacket people
are gonna think I'm like freezing you
out here what is it like for you playing
on CLG compared to I know it's only been
a little bit but compared to Team Liquid
and immortals before that come pick how
is playing just playing on CLG yes yeah
like what is it or maybe it's the same I
don't know I'm just really happy and
that's a little different
I think I'm just happy if I feel good
yeah if I don't feel good I'm really sad
yes I mean that makes sense I'm not
happy I'm happy when I feel good and
when I don't feel good I'm I'm sad so I
can understand so it sounds like you
were saying that CLG is a more positive
environment right now yes I mean that
that makes sense because you were at a
relegation match but I don't think it
was gonna fault you for that but it's
kind of like a fresh start for you right
yeah definitely it is a really good
fresh start and I'm feeling good glad to
hear you're feeling good
speaking of feeling good hooni your
brethren is returning back to North
America we'll be competing on echo fox
were you excited when you heard this
news is it are you glad to see him I
don't know how much you've been talking
to him recently so I haven't really
talked to him that much because he was
like playing the world and I didn't want
to disturb him so after we finished
world that's like when we have been
talking and me and Oni actually like was
planning to like join a team together if
we can but that didn't happen eventually
so yeah I'm still really good friends
Vinnie and I'm really excited I'm really
happy that hooni decided to came back to
na and we actually have like booked
scrim soon so I'm super excited to play
against him and I think he's having fun
who is going to be on the better team
who's gonna be the bear team
I think we're gonna be the better team I
think I'm gonna be the happier one I
like that you have I like that you had
to think about that for a while you're
like what's it like playing with darshan
stick saying bye oh and who he how does
it feel like playing with my teammate I
had to specifically say those names
because I was afraid you just say if I'm
happy it feels good okay so deshawne
I'll say specifically darshan I feel
like um so I known these players before
like a lot like I have been doing
bootcamp with them so I know them and I
know I've been knowing Jay especially
Hui for like a long time because I have
been knowing him since him and I was
both playing and I was in Korea so
darshan as I've seen him even before and
now he and him and I share like a place
a similar play style so it's really easy
for me to make any player on top top
side because we just like naturally just
works really well together
so I like it and Jay human I a really
close friend so I feel really
comfortable playing with them so I'm
happy playing with Jay feels good yeah
our botlane it's super solid and really
good really talented and they're really
motivated too so I get all those filling
to vibe just playing with them so it's
really good that's nice to hear should
hooni feel jealous that you're gonna be
playing with who he I think he's jealous
actually yeah have you guys talked about
this talk about what you and hooni
talked about you playing with who he
yeah I'm appreciating those but like he
doesn't really like express it but I'm
pretty sure he want to play with me yeah
he's jealous yeah
that's there must be rough for him that
must be rough for him okay I just
interviewed
Shawn and then the interview with
darshan he said that you guys are gonna
get first in the rankings at the end of
the split
you know before playoffs he'll finish
10th there finish first do you do you
agree
finishing first on the spring split or
end of the year everything spring split
do I agree yes I will always agree
untie Shawn okay if darshan said the
moon was made of cheese would you agree
with darshan moon of made of cheese of
course I just don't like if doesn't say
anything I just say okay don't tell me
to go die for me I'll just go typhoon
okay yeah is that is that is that how
that works in game darshan is like I
need you here now and you never argue
you just do it okay only out of game do
you listen to darshan no I mean I mean
we were teammates so we cooperate okay
so I would always be positive on
everything that she would ask very very
very good what do you think of the best
of one change for na LCS I like it yeah
because I used to like feel good by like
preparing for a match like really well
before the match happens and doing best
of one just make it just way easier for
me to do but I'm not really sure like
how the side work because that's also
important to know I don't know like how
fast can you know which side you're
gonna play because if if it's like the
team who's gonna decide like right
before the stage then it's like such an
advantage for the team who decide right
so I think it should be like decided
I think they tell you it used to be that
they told you you knew what side way
yeah but I don't know how that goes to
be but just best of one I think I'm more
comfortable playing it just just I guess
just as a player I how I am so I like it
so I apologize I have to ask a very
blunt question which is in 2016
everybody said reignover
is a god one of the best junglers ever
in 2017 people made fun of you and
called you game over so how will you not
be
game over in 2018 I think I would have
some time some games that will be game
over because you cannot always play well
I guess you can't but might happen but
as I said I feel good you know but
usually when I feel good I perform well
- you know so I think I think oh so I
mean I personally think I have been
always like improving as a player like
if I think just as a player I think I
just have as the time goes I think I
understand game better I played the game
better but I think it's just about like
how my mental state is in that like
period so if my mental state is like not
good then I would have some bad games
but I'm pretty sure like even in like
even when I was preferring bad last year
like if I mental state was like really
good then I think I would still would
have been able to like play really well
so right now my medicine is really good
so I think it will what you call
connected to this to the performance on
stage is there anything that you want to
say rain over at the end of the
interview to all the CLG ALCS fans yes
yeah I mean generally just I just want
to say I'm very excited to playing CLG
and I also expect the fans to be excited
and I'll be really happy to share those
excitement and move on and playing
seulji very good well thank you so much
for the interview reignover is there
anything else that you would like to
shout out shout out Jersey I mean I
don't know what that said Oh Jersey but
I love my Jersey good maybe you weren't
in the room whenever your manager me at
that request thank you so much for the
interview for everyone also you can
check out the rest of my coverage of all
things
eSports right here on my youtube channel
everyone I want to thank you for
subscribing it to my channel what you
haven't subscribed it oh that's Han sir
alright well anyway if you haven't
subscribed you should definitely do that
otherwise Han sir will attack you and
also feel for you to support me over at
Travis CARICOM support